[ Dramatic music plays ]
It's me.
[ Audio distorts, rewinds ]
I've done
awful things to her.
Like...?
Wes.
Leave.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Beep ]
Lahey here.
Davis: Gibbins walked out on us.
You know anything about that?
Why would I?
I don't know where he is.
This goes against
my better judgment.
Then trust mine.
The cops are gonna come here.
Don't answer the door.
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Ringing ]
Come on.
Annalise:
This is Annalise Keating.
Leave a message.
Annalise. It's Wes.
I just got to the house.
Please, come home.
His name is Connor Walsh.
The D.A. brought him
to the station yesterday.
No offender with that name
in our system.
No, he's not an offender.
He's been kidnapped, and he's
being held against his will!
Have you been ingesting
illegal substances?
My client here is
understandably upset
about his boyfriend
being missing.
While your lack of urgency
in this matter
could be construed
as insensitive at best
but homophobic at worst,
we'll ignore that
if you at least let us file
a missing-persons report.
When did you say
he went missing?
Last night around 7:00 p.m.
Seriously?
Not even a full 24 hours?
No, but --
You sure he's not just trying
to get away from the two of you?
Because I can relate.
Janice:
You need an appointment to meet
with the District Attorney.
I know, but Mr. Denver is in
his office right there, correct?
D.A. Denver -- You don't get
to know where he is.
Well, what if I told you
that I had
super-juicy information
about a case he's working on?
Carl, I need security
up here.
No, no, Janice, Janice,
no, no, hang up the phone.
Yeah, another entitled
law student.
Hey!
[ Sighs ]
There he is.
Hey, hey, hey!
There he is!
[ Toilet flushes ]
You know "pissing contest"
is just a metaphor, right?
Just tell me
where you're holding him.
Who are you talking about?
Connor Walsh.
What? You lost him?
You lost him
after he discovered
the burner phone you used
to frame my client.
That's a good story.
Be careful who catches you
in here.
♪♪
[ Cellphone rings ]
You find him?
Denver, yes, not Connor.
What'd he say?
He's playing dumb,
but he's scared.
Are you almost there?
I'll call you after.
[ Receiver clicks ]
[ Cellphone locks ]
[ Gear shifter clicks ]
Canada's only
a few hours away.
You want to make
a run for it?
I've been running
for 10 years.
♪♪
Donald: Ms. Keating?
-Yes.
-Right this way.
Sylvia: Annalise.
♪♪
Asher: We could pull the fire
alarm at the police station,
find Connor that way.
-Oh, so you can get arrested
for real this time?
-He probably already signed
an immunity deal.
-How many times do I have
to tell you he would never do
anything like that?
Laurel: Until you finally get
that you're wrong!
I need you guys
to sit down.
What is that supposed to mean?
I raided your fridge.
Laurel: Think about
the amount of times
that he's lied to you --
when he cheated on you,
when he chopped up
Sam's body into little pieces.
Michaela: Okay, can we please
just be nice to each other?
You guys.
He's been kidnapped,
Laurel!
Maybe you coped fine
in that situation,
but Connor didn't grow up
in a drug cartel.
He's not properly prepared
to be a hostage.
You guys.
My dad owns
a telecommunications company,
so way to go
with the stereotypes.
I need you all to shut up
so I can tell you something!
What? Is it --
Is it about Connor?
No.
It's Annalise.
Something happen to her?
She's meeting
with Sylvia Mahoney.
Would you like to start with
a cocktail or a glass of wine?
Sparkling water is fine.
Feel free.
The same for me.
Thank you, Clara.
So...
you called me.
I don't know what you think
I've done to you.
I just know
I want it to stop.
So I'm here to say let's
just put the horrors behind us,
move on, keep the people
we love safe.
A truce?
You don't think
that's a bit naive?
Practical is
what I think it is.
It's delusional.
In what world
do I not get answers
for what you've done
to my family?
-What I've done?
-Do you want me to sit here
in the middle of this restaurant
and list them off?
I lived through the terror
you and your husband
enacted on me once already.
I'm not here
to do it again.
-That we enacted on you?
-You took my son from me.
That was a car accident,
Annalise.
Clara: Here we are.
We have
several specials today
if I can take
just a minute of your time.
Not now, Clara.
How dare you whine to me
about how your life's
been ruined,
what you've lost?
My husband was gunned down
in the middle of the street,
my own son framed.
-I had nothing to do with that.
There is no peace
to be had
if you keep lying
to me, Annalise.
I have no reason to lie.
You have every reason
in the world.
Shut up and listen!
♪♪
You're wrong.
I swear on my son
and your husband's graves,
it wasn't me.
You offered me a deal --
seven years
if I squeal on Annalise --
and now I'm saying
I'll take it.
And I'm saying
it's too late.
Why? You got someone else
to turn on her?
[ Chuckles ]
Yep.
Because I'm a moron,
and I'm going to reveal
my entire case to you.
You don't know enough
about Connor Walsh.
Whatever he testifies to in
court is gonna get thrown out.
What's all the fuss
about Connor Walsh
with you people, huh?
Goodbye, Frank.
[ Receiver clicks ]
[ Latch clicks, door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
You hungry?
Bacon, egg,
and cheese.
So, I turn on Annalise,
and I get a sandwich?
You get...
blanket immunity
and a sandwich.
But if you're not ready
to do that...
I'm gay, so not eating
for 48 hours
is only gonna up
my shirtless-selfie game.
[ Chuckles ]
You're right.
We only have 48 hours
to hold you
from the time
your intake paperwork is filed.
If it's filed.
This is so illegal.
So is killing
your professor's husband.
I'll give you
some time to think.
[ Door opens ]
Sylvia: I don't know
how you expect me
to believe
anything you say.
Then the both of us are
just wasting our time.
That boy, who stood next
to Wallace when he was shot
then pointed the finger
at my son, worked for you.
"That boy" --
Is that what you call him?
Well, I'd say that's
nice considering what
he did to my family.
Well, what about
what you did to him?
And don't deny it.
You ran a DNA test.
I didn't need that test
to tell me who he was.
Your husband took
what he thought he deserved,
raped that woman,
and a life came of it,
a black boy that he
and you could never love.
What?
But he's dead now,
and that was you.
No.
You got rid
of your family's shame
because that's
what your family does.
You're wrong!
It makes car accidents happen.
It burns down houses...
You're confused!
...and pays off D.A.s to put me
in jail, whatever it takes --
Christophe wasn't Wallace's son.
He was Charles's.
He was my grandson.
I'm really looking forward
to this.
Me too.
And thank you.
Oh.
Rose!
Is this your boy?
My babysitter didn't show.
I don't usually bring him.
Oh, you're not in any trouble.
Don't worry.
What's your name?
Christophe.
Nice to meet you, Christophe.
This is my son, Charles.
Hi.
Hey.
Okay, ti chou, let them
get to their party.
Nice to see you.
-You too.
Sylvia: Do you see now
how wrong you've been?
He was my flesh and blood.
Charles is
your flesh and blood, too,
and Wes was the one person
who could send him to jail.
I had nothing to do
with what happened to him.
You had everything
to do with it.
You left him
to grow up alone and poor
all while supporting
your son, the rapist.
That's not what happened.
How are you
still defending him?
I'm his mother.
That's my job.
No, it's your job
to raise a good son.
Oh, how would you know?
I'm the only real mother
at this table.
I was a mother.
He just came
out of my body dead.
Okay, that's enough.
I held him against me.
I felt his skin go cold
in my hands.
You took everything away
from me -- his life and mine.
You are wrong
about so much.
♪♪
-She's lying!
-I don't think so.
-Why?
-It's just a feeling.
A feeling is a weird way
to evaluate the situation.
Can I say something?
You think Denver
did this alone?
-I didn't say that.
-Then who is he working with?
-I don't know. We'll find out.
Excuse me! Please.
We all want to find out
who killed Wes,
but shouldn't Connor be
the more pressing issue here?
Oh, my God.
Oliver, I told you --
Nate's on it.
Okay, but if he doesn't
find him, I have another idea.
Uh, kiddie porn.
I read that the Russians put it
on their enemies' computers.
So maybe we could
just do that to Denver.
Say we'll expose
his predilection --
that we planted --
if he doesn't release Connor.
That means we'd have to
get kiddie porn.
-No.
-Okay, then, how are we gonna
get Connor back?
-I'm doing everything I can.
I don't know that!
Or I don't know
if I believe that.
Because the way
you all talk about him,
it's like you think
he's some horrible person.
But I know him,
and I love him,
and I don't think it's okay that
we're just sitting around here
waiting for him to get hurt.
Asher: [ Munching ]
[ Bag crinkling ]
Do you want one?
What happened?
-You don't shove stinky food
in a pregnant lady's face.
I thought they only got sick
in the morning.
They get sick all the time.
And why are you always eating?
-I'm stressed.
-Yeah, join the club.
Okay, you all need to leave.
-What about Connor?
-We don't have a plan.
Because I'm eating
your food?
This is my house, so I get
to decide when you leave.
We'll call you as soon
as we know anything.
I promise.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
You have it, or are we going
to keep playing games?
Games are a hell
of a lot more fun
than whatever it is
we're doing.
Just give it to me.
Get out.
Lovely seeing you, too.
What's that?
Wes Gibbins' phone.
You had it
this whole time?
Or we found it in your car when
we brought you into custody,
proving that you killed Wes.
Why are you doing this?
Do the Mahoneys have
something on you?
Or are they paying you?
Do you --
Do you have lame
political aspirations
and they're funding
your campaign?
'Cause this is corrupt
and illegal and stupid.
Sign the deal, or we arrest you
by the end of the night.
♪♪
[ Door slams ]
Are they right?
Did Sylvia play me?
I take that as a yes.
If she cared so much
about her grandson,
then why was it you
who protected him and not her?
And she's hurt people
before --
you, the baby.
That was Wallace.
Are you sure?
Where are you going?
To get drunk.
I'm going to a meeting.
Don't stay up.
♪♪
♪ Look outside ♪
♪ The wilderness ♪
♪ The wilderness
is calling our names ♪
♪♪
[ Keys clacking ]
Whatcha reading?
[ Laptop clicks ]
Oh, God.
I forgot.
Oliver: Yeah, hi.
Uh, as I told the last
two people I talked to,
I'm calling to follow up
on a missing-persons report
I filed.
Connor Walsh.
No, that's the name
of the missing person.
I'm Oliver Hampton.
♪♪
♪ If you feel like ♪
[ Blows ]
♪ The spark has gone ♪
♪ We just need a place ♪
♪ Where we can belong ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Look outside
at the raw beauty ♪
♪ The good work
of a billion years ♪
♪ The blackest wine
in front of me ♪
♪ Drink up, little boy,
and wash down your tears ♪
Oliver: No, I don't care if
I'm not officially next of kin.
I'm his boyfriend.
Yeah, yeah, "boyfriend" --
Like, like, we're gay?
We do lots of gay things
with our penises.
What does the hell does that
have to do with anything?
Asher: Michaela.
I know.
It's stupid to study.
It's not like I'm
actually retaining anything.
I just needed
to feel...normal.
I need to tell you
something.
As you know, this year has been
the most awful of my life.
And thinking about
what Laurel's going through
and what's happening
with poor O-man right now,
it just...
I realized that I think
we should tell each other things
while we still can.
Okay.
I love you, Michaela.
A lot.
And I know
that you probably hate
that I'm saying this
right now
'cause that's the message
that your face is sending me,
but...
I couldn't have gotten through
any of this without you.
I love you.
I do.
[ Sighs ]
I...
♪ Ahh, ahh-ahh-ahh,
ahh-ahh ♪
I think Laurel
just called for me.
♪ Ahh, ahh-ahh-ahh, ahh-ahh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Look outside
at the raw beauty ♪
♪ The good work
of a billion years ♪
Laurel: You're gonna have to
respond to him at some point.
The only appropriate response
to "I love you"
is "I love you."
Okay, but do you?
[ Sighs ]
I don't know.
[ Sighs ] Because it was Asher
who said it or --
I said I don't know.
I mean,
how does anyone know?
How did you know
with Aiden?
I think I just loved
the idea of Aiden,
that he was my Barack.
Don't judge me.
[ Sighs ] I'm not.
I had a bad childhood.
I never learned the proper way
to love or be loved.
It's not my fault.
Okay, well, just...
[ Sighs ] You'll just know
when you know.
Or at least, that's what
everyone always says.
When did you know
with Wes?
[ Breathes deeply ]
When it was too late.
♪ Ahh, ahh-ahh-ahh, ahh-ahh ♪
[ Exhales deeply ]
[ Sniffles ]
♪ Look outside ♪
♪ The wilderness ♪
♪ The wilderness
is calling our names ♪
Is Denver blackmailing you?
Paying you?
Look, I'm just trying to make
sure no one gets in trouble.
I think you should worry
about yourself.
[ Cabinet drawer closes ]
It's a shame.
She used to be
a good detective.
Better than you.
I still know
when a boat I'm on is sinking.
Where's Connor Walsh?
You ever consider
you're the one on the boat?
'Cause tying your fate
to Annalise --
Well, I just don't get it.
Your M.E., Atwood,
whatever other people
in this station you've got
doing dirty work for you,
there's gonna be a trail.
-Is it the sex?
Do you get off by being used
by women above your pay grade?
You're sounding like
a guilty man right now.
You're her trained dog.
I've been working
in your office for months,
gathering what I need
to take you down.
There's nothing there.
Then how come I got a file
full of evidence
proving corruption, conspiracy,
civil-rights violations?
I'm putting you in jail
with that bitch!
And that is the only place
you're going!
You're fired --
just in case that wasn't clear.
Davis: On your feet.
Connor: What's going on?
Connor Walsh,
you're under arrest
for the murder
of Wes Gibbins.
You have the right
to remain silent.
No, this is a set-up.
Anything you say can
and will be used against
you in a court of law.
Wait, wait, I'll --
I'll give you what you want.
Your immunity deal is
off the table.
What if I know something
that could put her away?
And what is that?
[ Pounding on door ]
Davis: Philly P.D.
Open up.
We have a warrant
to search the premises.
Stay where I can see you.
-Oh, my God.
-What?
They know there's a copy
of Annalise's phone.
How?
-How do you think?
-Got it.
Bonnie: Annalise.
Annalise.
What's wrong?
The police found
a copy of your phone
in Oliver's apartment.
Connor.
Oliver said
there was nothing on it.
Nothing he found.
Wes left a voicemail
that night.
Wes: Annalise, it's Wes.
I just got to the house.
I was at the police station.
They found Rebecca's body.
They're saying you did it...
all of it...
even Sam.
You can't go down
for what I did.
There's no way I could live
with myself, so just...
[ Sirens wailing ]
...please, come home.
He was scared...
as was I.
And I didn't want the police
to hear him confessing.
Or you didn't want them to hear
how it incriminated you.
It incriminated
all of us.
But Oli didn't find
any voicemail,
which means it's gone.
That's not true.
Deleted messages go
into the un-allocated data fold.
I might have missed it.
So the police
could still find it?
Now can we blame Connor?
Oliver: No, I'd told him
there was nothing on it.
He probably thought
it was harmless.
Or he took a deal.
This isn't Connor's fault.
Now, I have a way to fix this,
get Connor back,
but we have to give Denver
another suspect.
Frank --
He already confessed.
Annalise's case is tied
to Frank's.
The Mahoneys --
We know that they did this.
It's not the Mahoneys.
No.
"No" what?
It's the only way,
Laurel.
Who is it?
[ Scoffs ] Wes.
No, I'm not gonna
let you do that.
Honestly, Denver's
never gonna buy that.
Maybe we should just go
with Oliver's kiddie-porn idea.
You pretended you love him,
and now you're gonna
sell him out
to save yourself.
To save us all.
God, he was good.
He was the only one of us --
He would want us to do this,
and you know that.
Now you're turning him
into a murderer.
He was a murderer.
And you?
I assumed it was Frank,
but maybe Rebecca was you.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
You need to calm down.
Or maybe it was
the both of you?
Maybe we all just need
to take a deep breath.
How convenient --
Now Wes is gonna go down
for Sam and Rebecca,
and the two of you get off.
Well, you know what?
You need to grow the hell up!
I'm doing this for you --
each of you --
so you don't
have to go to prison
and get naked
in group showers
and crap in front of people
that might rape you.
It's death in there.
And this horrible thing
that we must do...
it's life.
He would want us
to do this.
You never knew him.
You don't know
what he would want.
[ Door opens and closes ]
[ Grunting ]
Are you mad at me?
No. Why would I be mad
at you?
Please stop.
[ Sighs ]
[Sighs] I'm doing these
for your benefit.
Maybe you'll actually love me
if I have abs.
Oh, God, just...
let me explain, please.
[ Sighs ]
"I don't know"
is the truth.
I really, really wish
I did know
so that I could honestly
say it or not say it,
but what
I don't think is fair is
for me to say it
just because you want me to
or because
you said it first.
Yeah, I only want you
to say it if you mean it.
Exactly.
I felt better
before this conversation.
[ Rapid knocking on door ]
I need a favor,
and you both need to say yes.
That's not really a fair way
to ask for a favor.
I don't think
Annalise's plan is gonna work.
I think that Denver is gonna
see right through it,
and Connor maybe
already cracked.
Either way, we go to jail,
and the one thing
that I can't handle
about that is not knowing
what happened to Wes.
That's not right.
It's not okay.
So I just need
your support on this.
What's "this"?
Just say yes,
and then I'll tell you.
[Sighs] Why hasn't
she called yet?
She'll call.
Annalise:
We're both losing right now.
And we're going to keep losing
as long as we stay
at each other's throats.
It's just gonna get
bloodier.
We could fight
to the death,
or we can put
all this behind us.
How?
I'm gonna tell you what
you're gonna find on my phone.
Wes:
They found Rebecca's body.
They're saying you did it...
all of it...
even Sam.
You can't go down
for what I did.
There's no way I could live
with myself, so just...
please, come home.
♪♪
Wes killed my husband.
He confessed to it on the
voicemail he left that night.
And that he killed
his girlfriend, Rebecca Sutter.
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
Help!
Your detectives called him
to the station that day,
confronted him
about what he'd done.
He had the chance to sign
the deal and pin it all on me.
[ Gasps ]
Help!
Please!
Why didn't he?
Well, because no one knew
the Wes Gibbins I did.
Help!
The boy who showed signs
of aggression and violence
at an early age...
Help!
...who was suspected of stabbing
his mother, Rose Edmond...
Please!
...a law student
who was confined....
Help!
to psychiatric care
for threatening
to take his own life.
♪♪
But in the end,
there was always the monster.
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
Wes: [ Gasps ]
Why are you doing this?
Hey.
Annalise:
So he killed himself.
♪♪
[ Muffled screams ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Grunting stops ]
Better to die
than go to jail.
A suicide by fire?
Well, it's your job
to sell that.
[ Gas hissing ]
All I know is I've given you
what you need
to drop my charges.
No.
Connor Walsh found
the burner phone you used
to frame me
in your possession.
He'll testify
to that in court.
You think
anyone will believe him?
You want me to come after you
the way you came after me?
You mean kill me?
You're the only killer
in this room.
Oh, please.
That boy's blood is
on your hands.
Maybe you didn't
do it yourself,
but you're behind it,
and both of us know that.
He was burned
like a piece of trash,
and you deserve
to feel the same pain.
But you know what?
I'm gonna let you win.
So take the gift.
Take it,
or I'll come for you.
I'll find every cop
you've paid off,
every defendant you've framed,
and I'll keep coming at you
until I have
your head on a stick
in front
of the courthouse.
Give me my deal.
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
Where is he?
Did it --
Did it not work?
♪♪
Oh, my God.
I was so worried about you.
-I know.
I thought something awful
happened to you.
It didn't. I'm --
I'm okay. I'm okay.
Where is everyone?
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
You got this.
Excuse me.
Would you recommend
this place for dinner?
I'm from out of town,
and I didn't come to New York
for terrible food.
The food's okay.
Drinks are better.
Mm.
Buy me a drink,
and I'll see if I agree.
You could at least tell me
your name.
Buy me that drink,
and I'll tell you everything.
♪♪
I know Kate was
our scheduled speaker,
but she's running
a little late.
So, would anyone
like to start?
I'll go.
Great.
My name is Annalise,
and I'm an alcoholic.
All: Hello, Annalise.
I lost someone.
He was a student of mine.
Wes:
They found Rebecca's body.
They're saying you did it...
all of it...
even Sam.
You can't go down
for what I did.
There's no way I could live
with myself so just...
please, come home.
Obviously, this points
to Gibbins being behind
both the Sam Keating
and Rebecca Sutter murders,
thereby casting doubt
on our entire case.
That depends on how it's
interpreted by a jury.
I no longer want
to bring
Ms. Keating's case
before a jury.
Excuse me?
I can't in good conscience
continue to prosecute her
now that Mr. Lahey has
brought me this voicemail.
Since the night of the crime,
he's been adamant
our office has had
the wrong suspects.
I had no hard evidence
till I found the voicemail.
You're going to get
destroyed in the press.
The Attorney General --
I have no other choice,
Your Honor.
I got this one wrong.
Annalise:
I'm a professor.
I knew him before that --
since he was a boy.
His mother died
and left him alone.
I...tried to look after him.
I just kept picturing you
in some well,
putting the lotion
in the basket.
-It wasn't that bad.
-I know.
Just -- You're the
most important thing in my life,
so whatever you want,
I'm here.
We can move to California.
We can make a million babies
if you want.
Good, let's get started, then.
-Connor, I'm serious.
-I know.
No, Connor,
no, I'm really serious.
Marry me.
I mean it.
I didn't do it because
I was trying to be some saint.
I did it out of guilt.
I hurt him in ways
that I couldn't even admit
in this room.
Look, you miss Wes.
I get that. I do.
I...
I miss my dad...
every day...
so much,
and he was a giant ass,
but...
this is not
a good idea, Laurel.
What's happening?
I just couldn't
leave him alone.
And I know why.
I lost a baby
in a car accident, but...
[ Door closes ]
...it was much worse than that.
Frank: [ Sighs ]
♪♪
It should've been me.
I know that, so...
I'll do whatever
you want.
Go after the people
who did this, find them.
I'm here for you.
Annalise: I just couldn't
keep him out of my head.
I mean, I would just...
worry if he did his homework
or if he had any friends.
And on Christmas,
it would just make me sick
worrying if he even had
any presents. I --
I told myself to stay away.
What was broken in me
was broken.
No one could fix it.
And then I did the opposite.
-What happened?
-He invited me
back to his place.
He's getting
a cab right now.
-We'll follow you.
-No, we won't!
It's better.
We're gonna confront him there.
No, I can't.
-This is for Wes.
-No, it's for you,
and I'm sorry,
but you're not the only one
who knows what love is here.
I think I love you, too.
-Oh, my God. Stop.
-Are you sure?
Laurel: Hey, the guy
who killed Wes is outside,
and we have a chance
to finally confront him!
No, because that would make us
insane, stupid people.
How do you suddenly know?
We are not doing this
right now!
Okay, I'm leaving.
Laurel! Laurel!
He's a rapist
and probably a killer.
I know. It's fine.
I have this.
What is that?!
Are you --
Are you insane?!
♪♪
I took him into my life,
into my home.
He needed someone
to look after him,
someone to love him,
and I wanted to be that person.
I wanted to protect him.
I tried so hard.
Stop that girl!
♪♪
All I did was ruin him.
I mean, if I had
just left him alone,
he would've been fine,
but I just --
I just wanted to --
I wanted to love him.
I wanted to hold him tight.
I wanted to keep him safe...
...this boy, my student,
who was really
just a stranger to me.
Laurel?
[ Chuckles ]
Dominick?
Hey. Give me a hug.
-Hi.
-[ Chuckles ]
It's me.
♪♪
We have
a little problem.
iGuapísima!
"Smart" might also be
a compliment your
daughter likes to hear.
Jorge: You're a member
of this family,
and you reap
the benefits, m'ija.
Don't ever disappear
on me like that again.
At least tell me
he's dead.
Yeah.
But it got kind of messy.
Laurel: [ Sighs ]
What are you doing here?
I'm in town for work.
You?
[ Sighs ]
Michaela: Laurel!
Who is this?
This is Dominick.
He's a -- He's a family friend.
[ Sighs ]
Annalise: That's a lie.
He wasn't just a stranger.
He was, um...
[ Sniffles ]
[ Voice breaking ]
He felt...
[ Sniffles ]
He -- He felt...
[ Crying ]
He felt like my son.
[ Gasps, sobs ]
He felt like my son...
because he was.
He was my son.
[ Gasps ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Sniffles ]
And he's gone.
[ Sobs ]